README.md, before:

# core.async

A Clojure library designed to provide facilities for async programming and communication.


## Releases and Dependency Information

Latest release: 0.1.338.0-5c5012-alpha

* [All Released Versions](http://search.maven.org/#search%7Cgav%7C1%7Cg%3A%22org.clojure%22%20AND%20a%3A%22core.async%22)

[Leiningen](https://github.com/technomancy/leiningen) dependency information:

```clj
 [org.clojure/clojure "1.6.0"]
 [org.clojure/core.async "0.1.338.0-5c5012-alpha"]
```

[Maven](http://maven.apache.org/) dependency information:

```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>org.clojure</groupId>
  <artifactId>core.async</artifactId>
  <version>0.1.338.0-5c5012-alpha</version>
</dependency>
```

## Documentation

* [Rationale](http://clojure.com/blog/2013/06/28/clojure-core-async-channels.html)
* [API docs](http://clojure.github.io/core.async/)
* [Code walkthrough](https://github.com/clojure/core.async/blob/master/examples/walkthrough.clj)

## Presentations

* [Rich Hickey on core.async](http://www.infoq.com/presentations/clojure-core-async)
* [Tim Baldridge on core.async](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=enwIIGzhahw) from Clojure/conj 2013 ([code](https://github.com/halgari/clojure-conj-2013-core.async-examples)).
* Tim Baldridge on go macro internals - [part 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R3PZMIwXN_g) [part 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SI7qtuuahhU)

## Contributing 

[Contributing to Clojure projects](http://clojure.org/contributing) requires a signed Contributor Agreement. Pull requests and GitHub issues are not accepted; please use the [core.async JIRA project](http://dev.clojure.org/jira/browse/ASYNC) to report problems or enhancements.

## License

Copyright © 2013 Rich Hickey and contributors

Distributed under the Eclipse Public License, the same as Clojure.

Commit message:

Mention how to get access to snapshot releases.
per ASYNC-88

README.md, after:

# core.async

A Clojure library designed to provide facilities for async programming and communication.


## Releases and Dependency Information

Latest release: 0.1.338.0-5c5012-alpha

* [All Released Versions](http://search.maven.org/#search%7Cgav%7C1%7Cg%3A%22org.clojure%22%20AND%20a%3A%22core.async%22)

[Leiningen](https://github.com/technomancy/leiningen) dependency information:

```clj
 [org.clojure/clojure "1.6.0"]
 [org.clojure/core.async "0.1.338.0-5c5012-alpha"]
```

To use snapshot releases, you must include the following in your project.clj:

```clj
  :repositories {"sonatype-oss-public" "https://oss.sonatype.org/content/groups/public/"}
```

[Maven](http://maven.apache.org/) dependency information:

```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>org.clojure</groupId>
  <artifactId>core.async</artifactId>
  <version>0.1.338.0-5c5012-alpha</version>
</dependency>
```

## Documentation

* [Rationale](http://clojure.com/blog/2013/06/28/clojure-core-async-channels.html)
* [API docs](http://clojure.github.io/core.async/)
* [Code walkthrough](https://github.com/clojure/core.async/blob/master/examples/walkthrough.clj)

## Presentations

* [Rich Hickey on core.async](http://www.infoq.com/presentations/clojure-core-async)
* [Tim Baldridge on core.async](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=enwIIGzhahw) from Clojure/conj 2013 ([code](https://github.com/halgari/clojure-conj-2013-core.async-examples)).
* Tim Baldridge on go macro internals - [part 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R3PZMIwXN_g) [part 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SI7qtuuahhU)

## Contributing 

[Contributing to Clojure projects](http://clojure.org/contributing) requires a signed Contributor Agreement. Pull requests and GitHub issues are not accepted; please use the [core.async JIRA project](http://dev.clojure.org/jira/browse/ASYNC) to report problems or enhancements.

## License

Copyright © 2013 Rich Hickey and contributors

Distributed under the Eclipse Public License, the same as Clojure.
